hi there I'm digital artist Aaron Rutten
and in this video I'll be reviewing the
wireless functionality of the Wacom
Intuos Pro so you can see no strings no
cables fully functional as a wireless
tablet and I'll go ahead and draw some
pen strokes that you can see will test
the speed they're appearing on screen as
fast as I can draw them now it kind of
depends on where you have your wireless
receiver it's a little USB receiver that
you plug in and if it's way behind your
computer and is obstructed by a bunch of
stuff it's probably not going to work as
well as if it's got some space for the
signal travel if the wireless doesn't
work so well for you you can also just
plug it in through USB and it works fine
like that too I'm using Corel Painter x3
here trying out some blenders making
some nice abstract looking art here it's
a different color using drawing it's
kind of do a little doodle here or
something so you can get a feel for how
this works but it's nice to be able to
get up and walk around and paint and you
know stand up but not always have to sit
down all day to do this it's nice to not
have to have that cable getting kind of
a mountain range here I guess
something quick and easy see it works
really well the pressure sensitivity is
really good on this tablet the
resolution is really good there's these
nice shortcuts if I wanted to let's say
zoom in and zoom out that's even
touchpad functional use the touchpad to
zoom in and zoom out and you can really
set this up to do just about anything I
have this really nice handy shortcut
here where I set my pen button to resize
my brush when I hold it down I can make
it bigger smaller pretty easily jenny
was the butyl here we'll do some more
blending here with this nice blender
brush maybe we'll make it a little bit
smaller you can see how easy that was
for me to resize my brush there on the
fly this tablet charges through your
computer's USB port so you plug it in
with a USB cable it charges battery
lasts quite a while and doesn't require
a battery and that's a good thing then
has a vase eraser on the end it's
tablets thin doesn't weigh a whole ton
it's built really well that's got a nice
texture here there is some concern about
the pen tips and that they wear down but
I want to address that because anything
you do involving drawing is gonna cause
friction and it's better to wear down
your pen tip than it is to wear a hole
in your tablet all pen tips are going to
wear down it's like if you use a colored
pencil or marker it's eventually going
to run out and you're gonna have to get
replacement tips so there's some things
you can do one is don't push down so
hard when you draw is you don't really
have to you can actually go in if you
want to calibrate your tablet for a
lighter touch too you can use your
eraser whenever you need to erase things
or you can just save time by doing
something like select all and then go to
edit and clear if you wanted to clear
the whole canvas you can also avoid
using your pen and for things that
aren't drawing like if you're using it a
lot just to move that cursor around and
things you could avoid doing that this
does come with some extra pen tips if
you look in your little pen holder here
if you unscrew it there you go you've
got five replacement regular tips and
then you've got some nice felt tips that
feel like the felt pen a flex tip spring
tip and then there's kind of a rubbery
coating which I like a lot I'm using
that one right now the wireless
components really easy to install you
just flip a little panel up stick the
thing in it's a little place to store
your wireless USB receiver so you can
just pop this in your laptop bag it's
pretty portable this is the medium size
they also make a large and small I find
the medium works pretty well it's plenty
in it yeah sighs I couldn't imagine
standing here trying to do this with a
large so this is nice I can stand back
and paint on my nice monitor here so is
the Intuos Pro Wireless if you found
this information useful take a quick
second to like this video and share it
on YouTube and that'll make it easier
for other artists out there to find this
information and remember to subscribe
for more videos thanks for watching and
stay tuned for my next video